add e2e tests and run them as gh action (#69)
kyma-project/nats-manager: README.md

kubectl get -n kyma-system nats
```

> ## E2E tests

Reviewer: It's unclear to me whether the following instructions are alternatives to each other (then use a bullet list) or subsequent steps (then use a numbered list), or a mixture. Can you advise?

Author: @NHingerl  Thank you! You are right. I added numbers to make the consecutive nature of the steps clear.

Reviewer: I see you added numbering for lines 240 ff 👍 
But what about the instructions in line 221, 227, an 232? Are they alternatives to each other?

> For the E2E tests provide a Kubernetes cluster and run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the E2E tests, provide a Kubernetes cluster and run:
```

```shell
make e2e IMG=<container-registry>/nats-manager:<tag>
```

If you already have deployed the NATS-Manager on your cluster you can simply run:
```shell
make e2e-only
```

The e2e test consist of four consecutive steps that can also be run individually.

To set up a NATS CR and check that it and all correlated resources like Pods, Services and PVCs are set up as expected run:
```shell
make e2e-setup
```

To execute a [bench test](https://docs.nats.io/using-nats/nats-tools/nats_cli/natsbench) on the NATS-Server run:
```shell
make e2e-bench
```
This will rely on the setup from `make e2e-setup`. Be aware that running this on slow hardware like CI systems or k3d clusters will obviously result in poor performance, however, it is  still a great tool to simply show that NATS JetStream is in an operational configuration.

To check that the internals of the NATS-Server are healthy and configured as expected run:
```shell
make e2e-nats-server
```

> This will rely on the setup from `make e2e-setup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This relies on the setup from `make e2e-setup`.
```

> To clean up the test environment and to check that all resources correlated to the NATS CR are removed run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clean up the test environment and to check that all resources correlated to the NATS CR are removed, run:
```

kubectl get -n kyma-system nats
```

## E2E tests
For the E2E tests, provide a Kubernetes cluster and run:

```shell
make e2e IMG=<container-registry>/nats-manager:<tag>
```

If you already have deployed the NATS-Manager on your cluster, you can simply run:
```shell
make e2e-only
```

> The log-level can be adjusted via the environment variable `E2E_LOG_LEVEL`. It accepts the values `debug`, `info`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust the log-level, use the environment variable `E2E_LOG_LEVEL`. It accepts the values `debug`, `info`, 
```

`warn` and `error`. The default value is `debug`. To set the level, enter:
```shell
export E2E_LOG_LEVEL="error"
```

The e2e test consist of four consecutive steps that can also be run individually.

> 1. To set up a NATS CR and check that it and all correlated resources like Pods, Services and PVCs are set up as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To set up a NATS CR and check that it and all correlated resources like Pods, Services and PVCs are set up as expected, run:
```

expected, run:
   ```shell
   make e2e-setup
   ```

2. To execute a [bench test](https://docs.nats.io/using-nats/nats-tools/nats_cli/natsbench) on the NATS-Server, run:
   ```shell
   make e2e-bench
   ```
   This relies on the setup from `make e2e-setup`.

   > **NOTE:** Running this on slow hardware like CI systems or k3d clusters results in poor performance. However, this 
   > is still a great tool to simply show that NATS JetStream is in an operational configuration.

3. To check that the internals of the NATS-Server are healthy and configured as expected, run:
   ```shell
   make e2e-nats-server
   ```
   This will rely on the setup from `make e2e-setup`.

4. To clean up the test environment and to check that all resources correlated to the NATS CR are removed, run:
   ```shell
   make e2e-cleanup
   ```
> **NOTE:** Because the e2e-tests need a Kubernetes Cluster to run on, they are seperated from the remaining tests and

> > will only be executed if the `e2e` build tags are passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
